# CS360
Mobile Architect &amp; Programming

/// The main goal behind the Personal Weight Tracker app is to give users the ability to monitor and track their progress towards either losing weight or gaining weight.  The user is prompted to login or create a username and password, for first time users.  Then the user is prompted to enter their goal weight as well as their current weight and the date.  The inputted data is then listed in a data table where the user can see the progression.  The app consisted of three main screens, a login screen, a screen to enter weight, and a screen to display each weight that has been entered. The design was kept simple to allow for easy use of the app.  Keeping the design simple, allowed for a more successful app, rather than incorporating a lot of complex features that could have ended up producing many bugs.  I relied heavily on the information provived in zybooks to help me code my app.  I also leaned on the questions of others in the general discussion.  The information provided in the zybooks modules will definitely help me in the future whenever I deal with Android Studio.  I believe testing to be a very important step ioin the development cycle.  Therefore, I used the debugger quite often as I was coding to ensure each line of code properly functioned.  Failure to test can result in a project crashing or worse, not even be able to run.  One thing I had to overcome, was using the layout editior in Android Studio.  This feature came new to me and navigating it took me a bit to learn.  I still have not fully become familiar with the components and features.  I feel the launch plan associated with my app to be the most successful part of this process.  The goals for monetizing the app, I feel, show my skills in the launching of a product.///
